How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  --> It can help to find the words which are added, which are removed or changed.



How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

  --> I can find bug easily. I an compare old version to the new one. finding a typo 
is not a problem.



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  --> Having version automatically saved can make it too small and frequent commit 
which can be deficult to read and understand. Whereas for commiting manually we can 
commit only when a logical change is done. But choosing commit manually has a cons, 
we can forget or ignore when to commit.



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  --> Google Docs basically used for general official documents, where in maximum 
case files are not related to each other.But for programmer it is not useful, because 
for a project there are so many files, related to each other, are present. Files can 
be updated concurrently while we change a logical operation. That is why Git allows 
saving multiple files in one commit.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  --> First, I have used git log to see all the commit history. Then I have use git diff
followed by previous commit id (the below id) and now commit id (the above one) separated
by 'space'. Now, I can see the diff between those two commits. the '-' sign means lines are 
removed and the '+' sign means lines are added.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
